docs: copy edits get started docs (#62)
grafana/grafana-javascript-agent: docs/sources/tutorials/quick-start-browser.md

# Get started with Grafana Faro Web SDK

This document describes how to set up and use Grafana Faro Web SDK. For more information, refer to the [demo application](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-javascript-agent/tree/main/demo).

## Before you begin

- Set up a Grafana Agent instance. For more information, refer to [Set up Grafana Agent](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/set-up/).
- Configure your instance with `app-agent-receiver` integration. The integration exposes an http collection endpoint and runs with the `integrations-next` flag enabled.

> The following example shows a basic Grafana Agent configuration that exposes a collector endpoint

Author: ```suggestion
The following example shows a basic Faro Web SDK configuration that exposes a collector endpoint
```

        # download source map and use it to transform stack trace locations
```

## Install Grafana Faro Web SDK

1. Run one of the following commands, depending on your package manager. The command installs the library in your project.

   ```bash
   #npm
   npm i -S @grafana/faro-web-sdk

   #yarn
   yarn add @grafana/faro-web-sdk
   ```

> 1. To enable [Open Telemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/js/)-based tracing, run one of the following commands.

Author: ```suggestion
1. To enable [Open Telemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/js/) based tracing, run one of the following commands.
```

   ```bash
   #npm
   npm i -S @grafana/faro-tracing-web

   #yarn
   yarn add @grafana/faro-tracing-web
   ```

## Initialize Grafana Faro Web SDK

> Grafana Faro Web SDK must initialized when your web application starts.

Author: ```suggestion
Grafana Faro Web SDK must be initialized when your web application starts.
```

### Advanced

> The following example shows how you can specify and customize transports and instrumentations.

Author: ```suggestion
The following example shows you how to specify and customize transports and instrumentations.
```

agent.api.initOTEL(trace, context);
```

## Usage examples

> Below are some examples of how to use the SDK to manually push data, set user & session.

Author: ```suggestion
The following examples show how to use the SDK to push data manually and set users and sessions.
```

> ## Use

Author: @domasx2 , We need to add some introductory content here to explain the context of what's to follow. I'm not sure what 'use' means.

Reviewer: added some text, wdyt?
